what's going on to where st. Louis sucks
9 1 1 9 here um - time hasn't changed
much I got the hood back on I got the
blower still hun um I was missing that
lift link everything's on its way I
ordered all the parts for it so right
now I just got it ratchet strapped up um
I got all my headlights working oh he's
not in there got a new ignition switch
in put that in yesterday yeah let's see
here so yeah I got the headlights
working and um when I put the new
ignition switch in originally it fixed
my issue with them with spark but lest
yesterday I was driving it I got my
chains on and to get him to stay on I
have had is it time right I picked up
another Ariens snowblower so now I have
just enough but I was driving it
yesterday in a randomly lost spark ok
now here's what's going on it's not the
ignition switch the ignition switch is
brand new
before I was not getting power to the
coil well now I do have power getting to
that positive terminal of the coil right
down there but it's only when I'm
cranking cranking it over if it's just
in the wrong position like that I don't
have power but if I turn it over I do um
so I don't know if you guys can help me
her or what but uh that'd be great if
you could I was just driving it I'm
thinking it's either the coil the
condenser or the points but see I've
never messed with points before I've
never done it once in my life so if you
guys could help me that'd be Drake said
I hope it's not the points because I've
never messed with him but if you guys
have any tests done anything for me
that'd be great
got a lot of stuff to do of course I
about 10 mowers right now and
completely working so I got longs to
moment it's just a mess I mean here's a
lawn boy I don't know if you guys ever
saw that I got the Torah that started up
first pole yesterday the Aaron's right
here I got this part of a deal I made
over the summer it primers not priming
gas so I don't know I'll have to figure
that out that shouldn't be that big of
an issue that should bring me some good
money cuz if it says Aaron's you know
that brings money it as electric start
so if you guys could help me with my
dear that'd be great like I said I got
parts coming from Iowa already and I see
coils are like 65 bucks it's not the end
of the world if I have to but I don't
want to just go out and buy a coil if
that's not my problem
thanks to your help like all these guys
and huh I still need wheel weights as
you can see I kinda uh yeah you can see
that I kind of tore up the driveway with
the chains but uh I don't know I hope
there's paint stay on because they're a
pain - thanks for your help guys